[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
We've got a fascinating
program for you today.
We're going to deal with
the Akashic Records,
records of your life.
It's a directory of your life.
Our special guest is Bill Foss.
Bill is an international healer,
well-known author, his book,
"Journey to the
Akashic Records."
I want you to take
a look at this.
>>Who are we?
Why are we here?
And what's next?
These universal questions
have driven the life's work
of spiritual teacher
Bill Foss, who
has probed beyond physical
reality for many years
to unveil what is unseen
on the astral plane.
At the forefront
of his research,
the Akashic Records, containing
what has been, what is,
and what is to come.
Known throughout history
and across cultures
by many different
names, the Records
are said to provide insight into
everything from an individual's
dreams, feelings, and even
death to larger world events,
lost civilizations
like Atlantis, aliens,
and much model.
Bill Foss explains how
the Akashic Records
can unlock past and future
thoughts and actions.
>>NOORY: Bill, that's an
interesting background
we've seen.
Welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Thank you, George.
It's really good to be
here with you today.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in all this?
I mean, it's not like you
wake up in the morning
and say, I'm going to
study the Akashic Records.
>>FOSS: Exactly.
It all started
about 20 years ago.
I was a touring musician,
professional musician,
and an artist and working as
a professional artist as well.
And there had to be more
with all the creativity
that I was channeling naturally.
At one point, it seemed like
there was an invisible world
attached to the other
side of the paintbrush
with the images that
were coming through.
And I wanted to know more.
I started asking God, please
show me the way it all works.
And that week, in fact
the very next day,
I was guided to a teacher,
a special private teacher,
and books started being
put in front of me
that we were talking
about the Records.
And I then had my
first experiences
of going into the Records.
>>NOORY: You'd go to like a
bookstore, and all of a sudden
there'd be something
on the Akashic Records,
just like looking at you?
>>FOSS: [LAUGHING] Fly
off the shelf and--
>>NOORY: Calling you,
Bill, Bill, read me!
>>FOSS: Yeah, exactly.
My first book set was
"Life and Teachings
of the Masters of the Far
East," Baird T. Spalding,
which was just a
wonderful classic study
about the ancient masters on
the other side of the world.
And it went from that directly
into as I prayed to God,
and I asked, I
said, please, God,
show me the way it all works.
I wanted to know.
I wanted to know
what was going on
as I started my, as I call
it, my re-remembrance program.
>>NOORY: Was this a
life-changing event for you?
>>FOSS: It was.
When it came slowly over time.
So as I started studying,
I started re-remembering
what I know to be true from my
records from past lifetimes.
So as I got into the records
over the course of studying
the Records for
the last 20 years,
I realized that I had been
there in between lives,
working in the Records, and
also working with the Records
in other lifetimes.
>>NOORY: All right,
we've got some people
watching the show
right now, Bill,
and they're saying, OK, what
are the Akashic Records?
What are they talking about?
What are they?
>>FOSS: Yes.
The word "askasha" translates
in several ancient languages
and ancient texts
as "Sky Library."
The ancient Tibetans
called it "Sky Library."
It's an ancient Egyptian,
ancient Tibetan,
some other Chinese,
Lemurian, Atlantis--
all of these cultures
had this akasha,
this word that meant "ether"
or "air," Sky Library.
The Akashic Records is
sort of like God's library
in the higher dimensions
surrounding the planet, where
your soul records are stored.
So everybody, you and
I and everybody else
on the planet, 6 billion
people plus right now,
has a book of life.
So it's an energetic,
etheric book of life that--
>>NOORY: The good
and the bad, right?
>>FOSS: Yes, all of
your life experiences
from all of your lifetimes,
past, present, future.
>>NOORY: So if you've
had 20 different lives,
reincarnated lives,
they're all in that record?
>>FOSS: Exactly-- or 20,000.
>>NOORY: Or 20,000.
So, when you die, does
somebody open up that book
and do a review of
what you've done?
>>FOSS: You do.
You do.
And there are special
teachers there.
There are teachers and
keepers of the Records that
are in this library or
this school, where God,
sometimes the
archangels, sometimes
family members, whatever is
perfect for the individual.
They're taken in, you look
at your lifetime, basically.
You look at your most
current lifetime,
and you get to see what all of
your missed opportunities were,
your resentments, things
you need to work on,
and your triumphs, the things
that you've accomplished.
And because you're in the
higher dimensions at that time,
you're able to see
beyond the moment.
You're able to look at the past.
And you see how this
lifetime correlates
to your other lifetimes.
>>NOORY: Are they there
in your soul state?
Are there instructors
there that tell you
the difference between
what you did right
and what you did wrong
with the Records?
Or do they just
merely lay it out?
>>FOSS: Yes.
Yes to both.
There is really
no right or wrong.
There is greater
than and less than,
but those don't actually
equate to right or wrong
when you're looking
at the Records.
You look at your responses
to events in your life.
So that being said,
they're there to guide you.
They're there to-- it's
really all about your soul.
So the Akashic Records exists
primarily for our souls,
for our souls to have an
experience with our-- enjoined
with a physical body.
When we go back
into soul, then we--
the Akashic Records is
like a world wide web.
It's been said that the eyes are
the window to the soul, right?
We've all heard that.
The soul is like a window
into the Akashic Records
and vice versa.
It can be interactive.
So this lifetime here, you and I
and everyone watching, everyone
on the planet, we're having
an interactive experience
with the Akashic Records
whether we know it or not.
We're connected, and we're
inputting information
right now.
>>NOORY: What if in one's
life you did some things
that you weren't too proud of?
Can you change them
in the Records,
or are they there
until the end of time?
>>FOSS: That's an
interesting question, George.
Sometimes people that
are studying psychically
or mystics,
practitioners, I've heard
about people wanting to go
in and change their records.
You can.
But you want to use kid gloves
with something like that.
Because if you were to go
in and change an event,
you could be
changing your karma.
It could cause a certain
other string of events
to happen, just like--
>>NOORY: Could you change
it as if it never occurred?
>>FOSS: No.
>>NOORY: All right, so
once it's done, it's done.
>>FOSS: Right.
Once it's done, it's done.
And that being said,
that experience
for the soul, our soul
on the other side,
is learning from pain,
is learning from joy,
is learning from all
of the experiences.
It's having an interactive--
it's a platform of observation,
I like to call it, the physical,
3D reality for our soul.
That's important because when
we get back up into the Records
and we look at those
lifetime events,
we see what that was about.
We see what that separation
or that loss of a loved one
was about.
>>NOORY: With these
records-- and they've
been going on since the
beginning of time, right?
>>FOSS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Who records them?
I mean, I'm thinking
of it in terms
of there's always somebody
around to illustrate things
and to write them
down and stuff.
How did they get into this book?
>>FOSS: When we go
into the Records--
so if we were to do a
guided journey right now
or to meditate, our mind
takes us in archetypally.
So we use archetypal
imagery to go in there.
The true Records-- so we often
will see a temple or a library.
We'll see scrolls, books, maybe
templates with soul symbols
or energetic etheric
symbols written.
And that's closer to what
actually exists there.
There are ancient
Elohim-- Elohim
being a certain type of an
angel or an angelic being.
There are certain ancient Elohim
masters that watch over this.
So it's a protected place.
Often people will
say, I want to get in
so I can find out
about this alien group,
or I want to know what
this other government is
doing et cetera, et cetera.
There's a self-protect
mechanism of the Records.
It's there primarily for
the souls of the planet
to know who we are.
That's primary.
That's first and
foremost with it.
>>NOORY: How do we
access our records?
>>FOSS: That's a great question.
By practice.
Practice, practice, practice.
And some people
get in right away.
Some people will have
just an open experience.
>>NOORY: Is it meditation?
>>FOSS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Is that what
you mean by practice?
>>FOSS: Yes.
Yeah.
Guided meditation.
As we're all connected
anyway, the primary way
that I teach in the
workshops is through
guided meditation with
certain breathing techniques,
to focus the mind,
let go, balance.
So you're trying to reach
that REM state, basically,
while you're awake.
And we travel up
through the mental body,
through the consciousness,
up through the astral plane
and on up into the higher
dimensions, have an experience,
then come back and see back into
the physical body and the mind.
This allows the person
to isolate the body,
isolate the ego, go in,
look, view, learn or see,
and then return.
>>NOORY: Does it make
you a better person
by accessing the Records?
>>FOSS: It makes you a
more knowing person, yes.
It will bring you to a
state of enlightenment.
It will bring you
to-- it will inspire
what I call moments
of enlightenment
to start occurring.
You'll start
knowing who you are.
It will also-- if you practice
accessing your records,
it will turn on
certain dormant parts
of your psychic awareness.
Accessing the Akasha while
you're still in human form
is one of the greatest
gifts that we have,
one of the greatest tools
that we have, bar none.
Because when you access
in the middle of your life
as opposed to when you're out
of body, you're still here.
You're still here
in physical form,
and you can start working
with your records.
You can start changing.
You can start really doing
some interactive, positive,
life-changing work for yourself.
>>NOORY: If somebody
was a murderer
and they tap into their
records, what would that show?
That they've had
this horrible life?
And how many horrible
lives have they had?
Because I assume if you're
a murderer in one life,
you've been a
murderer in another?
I don't think it just pops up.
>>FOSS: [CHUCKLES] Yes.
That's interesting.
I'd like to add to
that in answer to that
and say that on a soul
level, sometimes what we do
is we'll be a murderer
and then be a lover
and then be a robber, then
be an accountant, then
be a scientist, then be-- so the
key to answering that question
or commenting on that
question, George, is, what
is that so learning about that?
Now, obviously there are
some agreed-upon laws
straight across the board that
says killing another person is
not a good thing.
That soul might be learning
about the higher-- experiencing
elements of learning about life
and death and how precious life
and death are or
things of that nature.
So, yes, so a serial killer
or somebody of that nature
can have that thing
that they repeat
or loop through their records
and through their lifetimes.
Oftentimes we'll have
the opportunity to--
and we've even seen this
in a person's lifetime.
Let's say somebody was a
trained assassin or something
or a killer, and they've
turned over a new leaf.
They had a state
of enlightenment
occur during their lifetime, and
you could now trust that person
with your life.
I mean, some of these people
have turned into the greatest
humanitarians on the planet.
So it's all over the board.
>>NOORY: Who records your life?
How does it get into
the Akashic Records?
>>FOSS: Well, you do.
You're recording.
>>NOORY: By your actions?
>>FOSS: By your actions,
by your responses.
So it's a natural-- on the
other side, there's a matrix.
>>NOORY: They've had TiVo long
before we had TiVo, right?
>>FOSS: Exactly.
Exactly.
On the other side,
it's a soul matrix.
So your soul is part
of a group of 12 souls.
There's 12 groups.
There's an oversoul for that.
>>NOORY: Now what do
you mean by 12 groups?
Explain that.
>>FOSS: OK, so 12 throughout
history of sacred texts
has been a sacred number.
Souls travel in groups of 12.
>>NOORY: 12 individual souls?
>>FOSS: Yes, 12
individual souls that can
operate singularly or together.
So the Akashic
Records, tying this in,
the Akashic Records is all
about the souls of the world.
That's why it exists primarily,
for the soul experiences, 12
souls and an oversoul.
And then 12 of those groups
and an over-oversoul and then
what they call the monad
and then all the way
back in to God.
Now, each individual
soul and the oversouls
are connected into the Records.
So if we looked at it, we could
look at a template or a matrix
on the other side.
Here in physical reality, which
is a little bit different,
we have what we call almost like
a chaotic synchronicity of when
souls come into form
when they leave.
So it's a dance
more with the souls
incarnating on the planet.
Let's say, for instance, you and
I were meant to do something,
and we could be at opposite
ends of the planet.
And for whatever reasons,
karmic-- if we had something--
>>NOORY: Puts it together.
>>FOSS: Yeah, we're going
to be in another country,
we're going to walk
across the street,
we're going to look at each
other, maybe open a door
and have a conversation.
And then who knows
from that point?
We've come back together.
And there is no time
on the other side,
so it doesn't matter whether
we would come together and do
something for a few moments,
and that could be it.
Or we could come together and
have a lasting relationship
over the rest of that life.
>>NOORY: Show me how I
would tap into my records.
What would I do?
How would I start?
>>FOSS: In the
workshops, George,
we start with meditation.
So any form-- and I'll teach
people or share with people
how to get into a quiet state.
That's really what
you want to do.
We have 60,000-plus
thoughts a day.
So sometimes more,
sometimes less.
With meditation,
if you can breathe,
if you can breathe
and slow down,
you're going to turn on the
creative part of your mind.
>>NOORY: Illustrate that for me.
>>FOSS: OK.
So you mean just a meditation?
So one thing that we use is
we'll use the 20-20 breath.
I call it the 20-20.
It's a pranayam breathing
technique that's
part of Kriya yoga from India.
And what you do is
you count to 20 or 10
or whatever you can do
and regulate the inhale
and regulate the exhale.
Now, usually we'll start
with 5, 10, or 15 minutes.
And I'll just do one
breath for you here.
>>NOORY: All right.
Here we go.
[INHALING HEAVILY]
[EXHALING HEAVILY]
>>NOORY: I can actually
hear you breathe.
>>FOSS: Yes.
There's a yogic
sound that you make
with the back of the throat.
>>NOORY: But by doing
that, what's happening?
>>FOSS: OK, multiple
things are happening.
There's prana, there's light
that is attached to the oxygen
molecules in the atmosphere.
There's cosmic energy.
When you regulate
the breath like that,
and you do so over the
course of several moments,
that prana, or that light, that
cosmic light, will find you.
It will become consciously
aware that it's being looked.
>>NOORY: Does it energizes you?
>>FOSS: Yes, it does.
I've gotten to a point from
practicing this for years,
it'll slow you down.
It will energize you and slow
you down at the same time.
>>NOORY: Is this
something, Bill,
do you think people should do
every morning, for example,
when they wake up?
>>FOSS: It's good for anything.
It's good for pain relief.
It's good for going
to sleep at night.
It's good for morning
meditation, yes.
And there are other
forms of meditation, too.
So these are all precursors
to getting into the Records.
The other benefits to
any form of meditation,
and most specifically to an
advanced level like this,
it's very simple,
and it will give you
deeper and deeper
states of knowing.
It will give you deeper
states of relaxation.
It can clear karma for you.
So that's something that
everybody wants to--
>>NOORY: And you do that,
what, 5 times, 10 times,
each breath type?
>>FOSS: I'll do 16,
but because I count,
I use the traditional
way that the yogis did.
And we have four
creases in our fingers.
And I'll do this.
But for the common layperson
or anyone that wants to start,
sometimes this is
a little laborious.
You're counting, and
you're counting here.
I'll say five minutes.
Do it for five minutes and
experience what's happening.
But you gotta practice.
>>NOORY: OK, so once
you do that, you
get through that stage,
what happens next?
>>FOSS: Within--
>>NOORY: Tapping
into the Records.
>>FOSS: Tapping
into the records.
We have certain ways that I've
been shown to work with people
and that I've learned.
And you want to sit quietly.
The mind is powerful.
So we use the mind to
basically just intend ourselves
into the Records.
So it's going to be
different every time.
It can be similar
every time you go in,
or it can be vastly different.
And you want to have the
experience of just sitting
aside the time to
do it, number one,
is the most important thing.
Because then you say,
I'm going to sit down.
I'm going to have an experience.
If you don't get
into the Records,
that's experience, too.
And this is something that
I share in the classes.
>>NOORY: And there are many
people who don't access this.
>>FOSS: Yes.
I've people come to
the workshops, every so
often-- when we're
in a group of, say,
20, 50, whatever, there's an
energy field that's created.
And, of course, I'll
intend a gateway or portal
into the Records so that
people can have an experience.
Every so often, 100th person
or so, somebody will say,
I just couldn't get in.
So we'll talk about
that, and I'll say,
there are subtle
layers of conflict
that it's important for
people who don't get in.
Even if we are
used to getting in
and then we don't, we
have the reference point
that maybe there's
subtle layers of conflict
and-- I call it conflict,
but energy interferences that
can be in the mental field.
It can be in the ego.
It can be in the
eyes or the senses.
The ego wants to
have the experience.
The ego also wants to
manage the soul's journey.
>>NOORY: Have you ever had
anybody emotionally break down
when they tap into the Records?
I mean, do they see things
that they didn't anticipate?
>>FOSS: Yes, yeah.
That we've physical
healings occur.
We've had karmic shifts.
We've had real estate sales
happen during the class.
The emotional-- when
somebody gets in
and they see who they
really are, some people,
it's just overwhelming--
in a good way.
>>NOORY: They can't take it?
>>FOSS: Well, in a good way.
They see who they are.
They see who their guides
are on the other side.
Meeting their
guides in the Record
is an excellent
way to get in touch
with your personal guides,
seeing family members again.
So maybe we see somebody that
we lost, a mother or a father
or a child in a
lucid way that lets
us know that they
really are there,
they're really present for us.
>>NOORY: When you wrote the
book "Journey to the Akashic
Records," which is a
field guide, basically,
for tapping into
your records-- I've
got to little four-year-old
granddaughter.
I assume she's got
her records, right?
>>FOSS: Yes.
>>NOORY: And does that
clock start when she
was a baby for the new records?
>>FOSS: Yes.
We're also-- as a
soul, we're also
inputting at our
deepest levels of sleep
we're inputting into the
Records-- we're connectedd--
and between lives.
>>NOORY: Unknowingly, probably.
>>FOSS: Unknowingly,
naturally and unknowingly.
We're also inputting and
connected in between lives.
So we can learn while
we're out of physical body,
and often we do.
>>NOORY: Tell me about the
ancients and their belief
system with these records.
Because I assume that's
where it all started.
>>FOSS: Yes.
One of the-- I'll
say ancient and yet
common or current
civilizations that we study
is going to be Egyptian.
And their ancestors
being the Atlanteans,
the Egyptians would travel
into the Akasha or the Akashic
Records through what they call
the upper openings of the body.
Now, there's a syllable in
Egyptian terminology in there.
And that syllable
was art, A-R-T.
Isn't it interesting that
we perceive art or things
creative, artistic
through our senses?
So the upper openings of
the body are important.
The soul is coming
through the senses.
The Egyptians knew this.
So the high priests and
the royal class families,
the priests trained the royal
class families to journey,
to connect into the
Records, and also to heal.
They were healers.
And this is something that many
people don't know, commonplace,
they look at a ruler as
being just celebrity status,
ruling over the land,
and things like that.
Many rulers over the
course of history
have been great
healers and psychics.
>>NOORY: You use this
to heal, too, don't you?
>>FOSS: Yes, yeah.
We've had physical healing
occur in the workshops as well.
>>NOORY: And emotional healing?
>>FOSS: Yes.
When you continue to
go into the Records,
you naturally at the same
time access your soul field.
And so you have a
soul field around you.
I do.
Everybody does.
And when we're studying
metaphysically,
we feel the chakras, we
feel the solar plexus,
we feel the heart.
We feel on this level.
We feel the mind
or the third eye.
People feel with Reiki, or
they feel an energy field
coming from others.
The soul energy is
your true essence
and has the power to heal.
It has the power to
correct everything.
So this is a main importance
of working with the Records.
Because the records is
all about your soul.
The soul energy is
going to be more
silent than any other energy
that you're going to feel.
And yet when you go
into the Records,
it will start
intending itself down
through your physical
body more and more.
>>NOORY: Can somebody else tap
into someone else's Records?
I mean, can you tap
into mine, for example?
>>FOSS: Good question.
Good question.
Let me answer that with
a question and say,
what is the purpose of doing so?
>>NOORY: Being nosy.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
>>FOSS: So that's a good--
>>NOORY: I wanna know
what your past lives were.
I want to know what you did.
>>FOSS: I talk about that,
and a lot of practitioners
want to know that or
just common people
when we come to the class
to have an experience.
It's high-level information,
and everything is there.
So--
>>NOORY: Is it confidential
information to the individual?
Because it sounds like you
don't want people to tap
into other people's records.
>>FOSS: I don't think
it's the highest place.
I teach people to start with
tapping into their own records.
So that's a little
bit, you know--
that's a little bit murky
territory when you--
>>NOORY: Questionable?
>>FOSS: It's questionable.
>>NOORY: Unethical?
>>FOSS: Unethical.
That's why I say, what is
your purpose for doing so?
Now--
>>NOORY: To control
and rule the world.
>>FOSS: Somebody can.
Somebody can.
The only thing that
will keep somebody
from accessing the Akashic
Records is conflict.
So if somebody has
no conflict, they
could access, to a certain
extent, another person's
records.
And then, again, I
would ask of that person
or that situation, what is
your purpose for doing so?
Because with the
amount of souls that
is interactive with
the Akashic Records
and the ancient Elohim
masters watching over it
and the ascended masters
and the archangels
and all of their legions of
angels and God, Creator God
Himself, Herself--
there's a lot of people
watching on the other side.
So you're not going to
be able to just get in
for your own person advantage.
>>NOORY: Are there firewalls?
[BOTH LAUGHING]
>>FOSS: That's a
good way to put it.
However, you can get in--
it's all about your intention.
>>NOORY: What if somebody,
Bill, had the ability
to get into the Records, and
as we talked about earlier,
changing them-- what if someone
like you-- and we're not
doubting your integrity at all.
>>FOSS: Sure
>>NOORY: But what if
you had the ability
to get into people's records
and alter who they were
and what they did?
Could you do that?
>>FOSS: It's possible.
I do know of a couple
examples of individuals
on the planet that have
dabbled with that and/or do it.
That's, in my opinion,
that's a dark practice.
>>NOORY: Kind of evil, isn't it?
>>FOSS: Yeah.
And it's going to
have repercussions.
>>NOORY: To them?
>>FOSS: Yes.
It's going to have karma
for that individual.
And as we know, as we get
into studying this and beings
on the other side and dimensions
and metaphysics and all of it,
we know that there's a
great balance happening
between light and dark.
Some people would
call it a battle.
Some people would call
it an interaction.
But there's a duality
between light and dark.
And there's all of
these levels of beings
that are-- the true currency
in an exchange like that
is soul energy.
And so sometimes light and
dark on the other side,
it's all about-- they're
trying to direct the soul
energy into having experiences.
>>NOORY: But it does
have that ripple effect.
>>FOSS: Yes.
Yes, it does.
>>NOORY: If somebody
wanted to do this.
>>FOSS: Yes.
I wouldn't recommend it.
Now, let's--
>>NOORY: Not that I
would do this at all.
>>FOSS: [LAUGHING] OK.
>>NOORY: By tapping into
the Akashic Records,
does it determine-- because
I am a strong believer
in reincarnation.
Does it determine what your next
life would be, physical life?
>>FOSS: Yes.
Yes.
You can create it.
There are different
examples of that.
Let's say somebody had
finished all of their karma,
and they were in a
really good place,
but they just loved being here.
That person, that soul,
oftentimes when they go up
and they're looking
at the records,
and they're there with the
teachers or the keepers
of the records,
archangels, they'll say,
hey, you've learned
pretty much everything
that you need to work on.
What do you want to do?
Do you want to come back?
Do you want to come back
and play one more lifetime
and have good experiences?
Do you want to come
back and help others?
And oftentimes, some of the
great teachers or saints
have done just that.
Mother Teresa would
be an example of that.
>>NOORY: When you talk about
karma, what goes around
comes around.
What determines that?
Who's there determining what
goes around comes around?
>>FOSS: It's like
inputting into the Records.
It's a natural dynamic
of cause and effect.
So when I use the
term "karma," I often
will use cause and
effect as well.
Because for every action,
there's an equal and opposite
reaction, right?
So if we do
something, it's going
to have a repercussion, whether
it's good, or in this duel
playing field, it's going to
have an interaction that's
either going to be beneficial
or it's going to take away from.
>>NOORY: When I was growing up
as a Catholic boy in cataclysm
classes, they always
talked about this book,
the Book of You,
the book that would
have all your records in it.
Is that this, the
Akashic Records?
Is that what they
were talking about?
>>FOSS: Yes.
Yes.
The Akashic Records has
translated in other religions.
Catholicism has certain
levels of mysticism within it.
So if you go up into
the higher studies
and you look at some of the
rituals, the religious rituals,
you can see that they are
based on a certain level
of mysticism,
Christian mysticism.
>>NOORY: Are they all the same?
Different religions, but they
all focus in on the same thing?
>>FOSS: Right.
They're all connected
to the same thing.
So just like all religions
have their own version of God,
but that version of God is
connected to the true God.
>>NOORY: Somewhere
along the line,
somebody needs to tell all
the religions that we're all
dealing with the same God.
>>FOSS: Exactly.
>>NOORY: Because As they act
like it's someone different.
>>FOSS: Exactly.
Yes.
In writing the book and in
teaching workshops, the more
that we're able to go
into our own soul records
and see who we are, if
somebody gets in just and just
gets a glimpse of
who they are, it
can change their
outlook on their family,
physical reality, their life.
Once they're in that
soul energy and they
look at their self in the
mirror, they look at their soul
through that mirror,
through that reflection,
it can change how they
feel about God, too.
And that's one of
the most powerful--
is one of the simplest
things that we learn early on
in religion, connecting to God.
And as you go in and you do
this work, when you really,
really can start connecting
more and more to your creator,
it's one of the most
powerful relationships
that you can ever achieve.
>>NOORY: So by the breathing
meditation in the beginning,
that gets you into a state.
Then what's your next step
to access the Records?
>>FOSS: Continue
setting time aside.
Just make it a regimen.
Disciplining yourself to
sit down and get quiet
for some people is one
of the hardest things.
>>NOORY: Now, does it just
come to you automatically
at a certain time?
>>FOSS: Yes.
You want to allow.
So let's say, for
instance, George,
if we were going to sit down
every morning at 8:00 AM
or every night at 10:00
when we go to sleep,
say, I'm going to practice.
>>NOORY: Not me.
I'm on the air then.
>>FOSS: [LAUGHING] You are.
Somebody would say, I'm going
to practice for 15 minutes.
I'm going to set
aside this time.
Then naturally their
psyche, their subconscious
would start programming so that
they would go in at that time.
So you can pick up
some momentum that way.
The main thing is just
to continue practicing,
to intend into the
Records, to intend
with the mind and
the subconscious.
The superconscious, conscious,
and the subconscious parts
of your mind intend into
that which you're already
connected with and allow.
Allow is a big word.
>>NOORY: What would you
tell someone who would say,
I don't care about
the Akashic Records.
All I care about is
my life right now
on good old planet Earth.
What do you tell
somebody like that?
Can you get to them?
>>FOSS: You can.
I think everybody has dreams
and some mystical experiences
that they're not sharing
with the rest of the world.
I mean, the people that are
like just earthbound, good,
old-fashioned--
their spirit guides,
they don't believe in that,
even these people have
synchronicities happen or
things that make them think.
One of the big
things that I find
with people in general, the
old-fashioned people that
don't want to go
into metaphysics,
they know there's
more out there,
but if they go into
that, it's going
to open up a whole
new playing field,
and some people just
aren't willing to go there.
However, they will get there.
So let's say somebody who
doesn't believe in spirit
guides or doesn't believe in--
>>NOORY: And there are
many out there that don't.
>>FOSS: Yes.
So that person, in
their moment of passing
when the veils move back and
time is in the eternal moment
and they're crossing
over, they might
look over and say, who are you?
What are you doing here?
And it could be a family
member or an angel.
They'll know that
person right away.
But it could be
startling for them.
These people usually have a lot
of conflict, a lot of conflict
that is built up in the ego.
And the ego is the
lower part of our mind
and our heart, our core
self, that wants to control
or needs to be
right about the ways
that we view physical reality.
>>NOORY: The next time you
tap into your own records,
what are you looking for?
By tapping into the
Records, what do you want?
>>FOSS: It's good
to make a list.
Make a list of the things
that you're looking for.
You're in a balance place, OK?
So you want to intend,
which is you're
looking for certain things.
And you want to allow.
So you want to see new things.
You want to see things
that you don't normally
see in the here and
now on this side.
So you might look for,
are there any karmas
that I need to work on?
And that can show you natural
events of this lifetime.
We get so layered
up from the time
that we're small when we're
kids up through our lives.
And we have so many
experiences continually,
that maybe we had an
interaction with somebody
that we don't remember that
left a scar for that person
or that created a chasm
between the two people.
And you when you go
into the Records,
maybe they'll show
that to you right away.
It can be that simple.
>>NOORY: It's amazing how
it can change your life just
by the meditation, the breathing
exercises and I guess quietly
just thinking of your
lives and what you've done.
>>FOSS: Yeah.
It really is, in my opinion,
one of the most powerful things
that you can have
access to work with.
And you have it.
I mean, we all do.
>>NOORY: It's right there.
>>FOSS: We all have it.
And when you get into viewing
and you see more and more,
you're going to have the ability
to see things that are just
going to inspire you to no end.
>>NOORY: If you're brave enough
to look into your past lives,
your souls, who you
were, who you will be,
you might want to journey
to the Akashic Records.
Bill, thanks for
being on the program.
It's fascinating.
>>FOSS: Thank you, George.
[THEME MUSIC]